Earth life, what do you mean?
You guys probably won't.
Explain the Holy Lord in your mouth
I don't know what kind of means he relies on
Deceived the top management of Great Xia
Just obtained the throne of the Holy Lord of Great Xia
This person is just my Ye family wife
It relies on the uplift of our Ye family
To suppress the dragon vein
Your wealth, your power
How can you live on your own?
In the end, I still rely on my Yiye family
I am not convinced
I, Yezi Yang, am the real son of the Ye family
You disagree with me, more than I disagree
Do you serve the patriarchs of the ten ancient ethnic groups?
Do you serve my Nangong patriarch?
If as you say
Then the Fu family is indeed not worthy of our ten ancient capitals, Xiaozong
Don't like it, listen carefully.
Is it a real dragon?
If you can't become a Holy Master, you have to rely on real materials
Deception is not unconvincing
So you're going to gamble with me
I'd like to hear what kind of gamble you have in mind
Come on.